Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Karl. I respect your decision to quit
and follow your passion.
And remember this.
if things don't quite work out
and you wanna come back.
this is home.
Now. I know that's not what you wanna hear
but you know sometimes man's
quest to chase his dreams
is just that.
a quest.
And in the meantime. life happens.
(soft music)
(phone chimes)
- Hi. hey.
Hello.
How are ya?
Have a nice day.
(intercom rings)
Yo?
Yeah. come up.
(Knocks on the)
- Jesus. don't you wanna open a window?
- I just got in.
- How can you live like this?
It's disgusting.
- I didn't have a chance
to put anything away.
- Right. well. we're not
eating until we've cleaned.
Yeah well. I don't think
I'm gonna see him again.
- Well. what for?
You just said you had
a nice time with him.
- I did but when it came to paying
he was just
- Oh. God here we go.
- No. seriously I literally just said
I wanted to split the bill. right?
That's it.
He freaked. we had this massive argument.
It all went tits up from there really so.
- What you mean?
- He wanted to pay for the whole bill.
- That's nice. isn't it?
- No. Yes.
Okay. yes.
Obviously that's a nice thing
but if I insist on splitting
and you just can't accept that.
I mean there's something else
going on behind that surely.
- (scoffs) Like what?
- Like. I don't know.
Okay. first of all.
is he ever really gonna accept
my independence as a woman?
No.
- What has that got to do
with your independence as a woman?
He was just trying to
buy you a nice dinner.
- Yeah and so did I.
- Yeah see. so you both
wanna do something nice
for each other.
What's wrong with that?
- You don't understand.
- No. I do understand.
I just think you exaggerated a little bit.
- Get fucked.
I'm not exaggerating. I'm just saying.
Things are changing. Karl. all right?
- No. I can see that.
People are becoming more hostile.
- I'm not hostile to you.
- No. no. no.
When people are trying to
find their possible partner.
- That's just a complete
generalization. isn't it?
- Think about it. there is
some truth within there.
People are definitely
becoming less tolerant
and more judgmental.
- Well. now you're just judging me.
- No. Okay. let's stop this.
- No. why?
- Because you're getting defensive.
- Oh. good one. I am not defensive.
- [Karl] You are.
Wait. do you want another one?
- No. thanks I'm all right.
So. how are things with you?
If you don't wanna talk about it--
- No. no it's fine.
- Have you spoken to her or?
- No. why would I?
- Yeah.
Can I ask you something?
Did you really never suspect anything?
- Nah. no.
Honestly. no. not at all.
And it's really annoying
when people say something like that
where they think.
was there anything wrong
in the relationship?
Could you tell it wasn't working?
No. honestly not.
- Yeah.
Yeah. it's bad.
I did see two people
at the same time once.
It was only for like a week.
- Yeah. that's all right.
- Yeah. okay.
- Yeah.
(both laugh)
Do you know what I mean though.
it just scares me having
that knowledge now
of the person that you
trust or the person you like
that they can still keep
things hidden from you.
And you have like no idea
and you can't do anything about it.
- I don't think that's necessarily true.
- Well. I do.
- No. I think it's about
like the people themselves.
You deserved better than her.
- No. don't say that.
- What?
- It's just silly innit.
It's a cliche.
- But it's true though.
Have you met anyone else or?
- I just need a break.
- Might be a good distraction.
- Well. no. I've actually
been keeping distracted
with all this camera equipment.
- What are you gonna do with that?
- It's my dad's old stuff.
Just been playing with it.
- No.
- Mm hmm.
- You want a money shot?
- Yeah. smile.
(camera clicks)
(Karl laughs)
- That's way too early.
I still wasn't ready.
- A mouthful of food.
(camera clicks)
- Fucking hell.
- So rude.
- Oh my God.
- Geez.
- [Frank] Welcome to another
episode of "Be a Photographer".
My name is Frank
and if you're looking
to step up your game.
this video is for you.
After you have mastered
(camera clicks)
the way your camera works.
how to frame a picture.
how to expose it properly.
you might find yourself lost
in choosing what to photograph.
Are you a portrait photographer?
Do you like nature.
architecture. landscape?
Sooner or later. if you
want to make an impact
you will have to make a choice.
Trust me. it's not easy.
You will find yourself shifting towards
what's grabbing your attention
and that won't have a
link when seen together.
Even if you want to be an artist.
you have to look inside yourself
and understand what drives you.
what motivates you.
What is the message that
you're trying to convey--
(slow tense music)
(vacuum cleaner whirring)
(camera clicks)
(tense music)
(camera clicking)
(soft jazz music)
- [Virginia] Hello?
- Hi. come in.
Sorry I'm just cooking.
- Hmm. I can smell that.
Don't you wanna open a window?
- No I just got--
- Whoa. this amazing.
Did you get a cleaner in?
- Nope.
- Ah. don't believe that.
- You better.
- What are you making?
- Just some veg.
We got some courgettes
and some onions and rice.
- Mmhmm. very nice. very nice.
- Very tasty.
- We need to celebrate.
- Oh. absolutely.
(chuckles) I'm kidding.
Wait. please tell me?
How did it go?
Start to finish.
- Yeah. actually it went
really. really well.
And we really got each
other in the interview
and I kind of knew then. you know?
- Did she tell you that in there?
- No. no.
They called me two hours later
but like I kind of knew.
you know when you get that feeling?
- Mm hmm.
- And we were talking so
much in the interviews.
It was really nice.
- That's nice.
Oh wait. when do you start working?
- A week's time.
- Week?
- I can't wait. I love it.
It's all women in the team. so perfect.
- That's nice and equal. yeah.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
Do you wanna go through the statistics?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
- Because we can.
- No. no I was just teasing.
- Okay.
Okay. what would the role be.
that you went for?
- I'm not really sure.
I guess I'm just gonna
be like following cases.
like learning from
senior lawyers. you know?
I'm starting from the bottom. so.
- Weird 'cause you prefer
being on top. don't you?
- You're such a...
It wasn't even funny.
- Oh sorry. I'm just kidding.
But think about it though.
You're now in like a. I don't know
a great environment. the
best you could be in.
- Yeah. exactly.
To the right environment.
So speaking of environments.
what made you clean this place up?
- Well. a friend of mine told me
that it looked like a shithole.
So I had to do something about it.
- Yeah. well that friend
was absolutely right.
- Yeah. she was.
It's a combination of things.
- Like what?
- Well I started taking more pictures.
- Oh. with your dad's camera?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
I used to have such a passion for it
but I just...
I neglected it the last few years.
- I didn't know.
Can I see some of the pictures?
- Wait. what?
- Can I see some of the photos?
- (chuckles) Well. no I haven't
done any work on them yet.
- I don't care. just let me
see some of the raw files.
- No. why don't you just
wait till they're done?
- Ooh. mysterious.
- It's not even that.
I've just been exploring.
I've been just taking just random photos.
- All right.
Well. it definitely got me curious.
- Well. it's nothing exciting.
I can promise you that.
(soft tense music)
(camera clicks)
(camera clicking)
(dog barking)
Oh shit.
(knocks on the door)
- Hey. sorry I left my phone.
- Oh. did you?
- Yeah. it's just in the bathroom.
- I didn't hear it.
- It's dead. That's why. no worries.
Thanks.
- No worries.
- You all right?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
You look really pale.
- Honestly. I'm absolutely
fine. Thank you.
- You're not meant to be at work?
- Well. I don't have that job anymore.
- Oh. since when?
- Week.
- Is everything all right?
Do you wanna talk about it?
I've got half hour.
- Well. I've gotta you something. V
but if I show you. you promise
me you won't freak out. yeah?
- All right.
- Come on in.
(Karl sighs)
- This is so bad.
- Do you think I'm gonna
get in trouble for it?
- I mean. I hope not
but it's definitely a
violation of privacy.
- Is it?
- Yes. what did you have in mind?
- I don't know.
I just felt like taking the pictures.
- You felt like taking the pictures?
What. and if you're hungry
you walk into a supermarket
and steal a banana. do you?
What?
- No. I just...
I didn't think it would
be a problem. you know?
- Are these the pictures
you've been working on?
Is that why you didn't wanna tell me?
- No. no.
Yeah. they were.
But it's just because I didn't know
what was gonna come from them or...
If I don't use them.
it's not going to be a problem. okay?
- I mean. I don't know.
What if she comes after you?
- Can she?
- I would if I was her.
- V. that doesn't help at all.
- You men are unbelievable.
You just think with your dick.
- See. that's the issue.
It wasn't a sexual thing for me.
- Oh. come on.
- I swear.
Look. I just thought the situation
was really. really interesting.
- How do you think she feels now?
She doesn't even feel
safe in her own room.
- Yeah but I meant no harm by it.
- She doesn't know that. does she?
Anyway I've gotta go.
- Wait. what am I gonna do?
- Just stop taking pictures of her.
Delete the ones you already have.
- Really?
- Yes Karl.
And go look for a job.
(soft tense music)
(keyboard clicking)
- Yeah. I saw her.
She saw me.
She saw my camera.
Yeah. I just don't want
her to think I'm a freak.
Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Bye. bye. bye. bye.
(tense music)
(footsteps approaching)
- Can't believe she
actually knows who you are.
- See. I told you.
- Maybe she's just another perv
trying to get a look at what you see.
- What? Seriously?
- Have you already
showed her the pictures?
- Well.
- Oh god. you're such an idiot.
- Why. what's the issue there?
- What did she say to you?
- She hasn't said anything yet.
- You've just given her the proof
of the fact that you took those photos.
- The proof?
She's already seen me.
I mean. that's proof enough
and besides I researched online.
if I don't publish her
pictures without her permission
then I'm not gonna be breaking any laws.
And on the other side.
I'm hoping that I'll catch her
and be able to have a
conversation with her
and ask if I can use her pictures.
- Use them for what?
Well. I was actually down at
the art gallery the other day
and they're holding a new
talent showcases this month.
- And what is that?
- Well I need to pitch them an idea
and if they like my idea
then they're gonna showcase my work.
It's hard. I don't really
know what to do on it just yet
but I do feel like it
needs to have a theme.
It needs to tell a story of some sort.
- All right.
What are you thinking?
- It needs to feel...
It needs to be based around
something that's happening now.
You know. like current.
It needs to feel authentic. you know?
- So all of this has just
been about this exhibition?
- Yeah about a project.
- What? Naked women and art.
I mean. that has been done before.
It's a bit cliche.
- No. no. no.
It's the situation now.
The nudity isn't what interests me.
- What situation?
- This whole situation. you know?
- No. I don't know.
What situation?
- Well. the privacy issue
that we're all dealing with this days.
- Karl. you just like her.
Will you just admit it?
- What?
- Yeah. she's a beautiful woman.
You're taking loads of
pictures of her every day.
Why would you not?
- Okay. well. if I'm honest
I actually haven't even
thought about that.
- Oh come on.
Yes. you have.
- I haven't. I swear.
Why does it always gotta be about sex?
- You tell me.
All right. I've gotta go.
It's getting late.
Let's just see what she says.
- Okay. Thank you.
Actually no. thank you seriously
for putting up with my craziness.
- Well. at least you're aware of it.
Weirdo.
- Thank you. see you later.
(soft tense music)
(guitar strumming)
(Karl humming)
♪ Stalking--♪
♪ Stalking through--♪
♪ Stalking. stalking through a window... ♪
♪ from my spot ♪
♪ I don't wanna be known
for something I'm not ♪
♪ Stalking through a
window. from my spot ♪
♪ I don't wanna be known
for something I'm not ♪
♪ Stalking through a window on my-- ♪
(soft music)
(camera clicking)
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] Is everything okay?
- You have to see these new pictures.
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] What do you mean
new pictures?
- She's posing for them.
like she's okay with me taking them.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] What?
Did you speak to her?
- No. no. no
but she was clearly asking for more.
- [Virginia speaking on phone]
Karl. that's a backward thing
to say for god's sake.
- Can you stop that? Why--
- [Virginia speaking
on phone] Well. tell me
what happened then?
- Okay. I'll explain it
but you gotta come around here.
you need to see these.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Sorry.
I can't make it tonight.
Why don't you come over here for once?
- Well. 'cause I have to work on them.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Oh well
then we'll have to do it another time.
Sorry.
- Okay.
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] Speak to you later?
- All right. later.
(soft music)
- Can I ask you something?
- Mm hmm.
- Why are you so desperate
to do this exhibition?
- What do you mean?
- I don't know.
I mean. not every photographer
wants to do an exhibition
especially not this early in their career.
- True. Okay.
Well for me. it's all
about consumption. right?
So how you might look at something
gives you a completely
different perspective on it.
We're living in a time now as well
where everything is
consumed far too quickly.
So a place like a gallery
or a cinema for movies
for example.
it creates a completely
different experience
compared to Instagram
or Netflix. you know?
- So you're saying the
environment changes the consumer.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah exactly. yeah.
- It's interesting.
But I'm still failing to see
how you're gonna turn that
into an exhibition.
I mean. first of all.
what you're gonna call it?
The stalker?
- Maybe. why not?
- Would you really want
to be seen like that?
- No. that's quite cool.
It could be like the st--
the stalker and the exhibitionist.
- (scoffs) You're insane.
- No. no. I think that's really cool.
I think that highlights
the lack of privacy
we have these days.
as well as the growth of the
narcissistic personalities.
I think that's really cool.
- You're gonna end up
dating her. I know it.
- Nah. she's not my type.
I'm not even looking at the minute either.
- It's a shame.
She might be into you.
- Listen. what's happening with you?
- I am bored of men only
wanting to get into bed with me
or whoever it is they're pursuing.
That's me.
- You're a beautiful girl.
I think it's only normal
for them to wanna have
sex with you. right?
- What are you saying?
- Well. that I understand them.
- So you think I'm only good for sex?
- Nah. fuck. I didn't say that.
- But you just said it's okay
if men only wanna have sex with me.
- No. no. no.
What I mean is.
I mean. if I was to meet
you for the first time.
I would definitely struggle in
thinking about anything else
other than having sex with you.
Not saying that I wouldn't
enjoy your company
or find you intellectually pleasing.
V. you're hot. okay?
It's okay.
- I don't wanna be hot.
I hate that word.
What does it even mean?
- Oh please.
- No. you don't understand.
It makes someone so much
less than they actually are.
I'm so bored of being
sexualized all the time.
I just wanna be seen as a human being.
be able to talk to people.
- I just think you
exaggerate a little bit.
- You're just never gonna understand.
- No. no.
I completely understand.
Honestly. I completely do.
I actually think it must be harder
for a girl who's say.
not so pretty. you know?
To be seen as sexually attractive
than a girl who's hot and smart
to prove their intellect.
Yeah. I really think it's sad
seeing girls de-feminize themselves
so that they can be taken seriously.
I think it's possible to be able
to meet a beautiful girl out there
who's both intellectually
stimulating and sexually pleasing.
- Karl. that's just so unfair.
Why do I have to prove myself?
Why do I have to prove my intellect?
Men don't have to do that. do they?
Why can I not just be myself?
- Wait but who said that?
You have to be yourself.
that's the whole point.
You know I don't think men and women
will ever truly understand each other.
especially as we keep treating
each other as the same being
because we're not the same being.
I mean. we work completely differently
and we need to acknowledge that
and we do need to treat each other equally
but we are not the same being.
- Yeah. well I don't even know anymore.
I think I'm just done with men.
- Have you tried women?
- No. maybe I should.
That might solve a few problems.
See. this is the kind of
conversation I wanna be having.
- What. arguing?
- We're not arguing.
We're just discussing something.
putting forward different ideas. you know?
It's interesting.
It's nice.
- No. I know. I was joking.
(dramatic music)
Hi. my name is Karl.
I'm. I'm...
No.
Okay.
Hi. I'm Karl.
I'm an artist.
(paper crackling)
Hi. my name is Karl
and I'm a photographer.
I want to just clarify
that I have no intention
of using the pictures
without your permission
but since I'm working
on my first exhibition.
it would be an honor for
me to have your permission
to print and frame a set of eight pictures
from the ones I took.
I believe whatever the short interaction
between us has been.
it has an artistic value
and would raise questions
about privacy and communication.
Let me know if you are happy
to discuss this further.
You can reach me at Karl.oaks@mail.com.
My best. Karl.
(soft tense music)
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] Hey. I'm at work.
What's up?
- Oh yes.
Sorry. Okay.
Yeah. I'll be quick.
I just wondered if you're free tonight.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Tonight?
I think I'm gonna end up working late.
Why?
- Okay. what about tomorrow night?
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Tomorrow...
I have a date.
Sorry. I mean. I can
cancel if it's important.
- Oh no. no. no. Don't worry.
No don't worry about it.
- [Virginia speaking
on phone] Are you sure?
Is everything okay?
You can tell me anything right?
- Mm hmm.
No. I just wanted to know
if you wanted to come
for dinner with me.
- [Virginia speaking on phone]
Well. I mean. we can do that
another time.
Or maybe I can pass by
after if it doesn't go well.
- No. okay.
- [Virginia speaking
on phone] (indistinct)
just need to get back inside.
- Yeah. sure.
Okay. maybe I'll see you later.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Sorry.
Later.
- Yep.
All right. Bye. bye.
Bye. bye.
(phone chimes)
(sighs)
(dial tone beeping)
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Hello?
- Hi.
Sorry have I called you at a bad time?
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] No. I just got home.
You okay?
- Yeah. yeah.
Listen. what?
I was thinking.
why don't you come out
with me tomorrow night?
- [Virginia speaking on phone] I told you
I've already got a dinner.
What's wrong?
You sound weird.
- No. I just. you know...
We could go to dinner.
That's all.
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] Can't we do that
another time?
- Yeah. of course.
But. umh--
Now why don't you...
why don't you cancel it
with this other guy and then
come and meet me instead?
- [Virginia speaking on phone]
Karl. are you asking me out?
- I'm asking you if you'd
like to leave the house.
If you'd like to sit down
and eat some food with me.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Yeah.
But what I'm trying to understand is.
are you asking me to see you
to talk about your mysterious woman
and your adventures as a stalking
photographer? Or are you--
- Oh I smell some jealousy here.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] (scoffs)
right. well then I think
we can do it another day.
after I've met my date.
- Okay.
Look. I promise.
if we meet up tomorrow I
won't bring up my project.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Okay.
then I'll cancel my plans.
No talking about that woman.
- No. no. no. I promise.
Okay. thanks.
- [Virginia speaking on phone]
So where are you taking me?
- Well. I haven't thought about that yet.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Typical.
- Look. I'll let you know tomorrow.
- [Virginia speaking on
phone] Okay. Perfect.
- Okay.
- [Virginia speaking on phone] Good night.
- Good night.
(rock music)
Hey listen. should we
meet at 8:30 in Soho?
'Cause there's this place
I think we should try.
It's gonna be really nice.
They don't do reservations though
so we might need to queue but
it doesn't matter. does it?
Anyway. let me know.
(phone chimes)
- [Virginia speaking on phone]
Hey. yes it's okay for me.
Sounds good.
I knew you wouldn't be
able to reserve us a table
but if you say it's amazing. I trust you.
See you later. friend.
(rock music)
(clears throat)
- Hi V. listen I...
Hi V. listen.
I'm so. so. so sorry but I'm...
I'm not gonna be able to meet tonight.
I don't know what to do
but I ate something at lunch
and it's just making my
stomach go all over the place.
I'm really sorry.
We're gonna have to try and
do it at another time. I'll--
I'll message you tomorrow.
(tense music)
(camera clicking)
(phone ringing)
(Knocks on the door)
Hello?
- Karl. it's me.
I tried calling you.
- Hey.
- Hey. you all right?
How are you feeling?
- Fine. well no. I'm feeling
better actually. yeah.
- Well. I didn't wanna go home.
So I thought I'd check on you
and I've bought you a banana.
- Thanks.
- Well. they say an apple a day
keeps the doctor away.
- But it's a banana.
- All right. don't be ungrateful.
Karl. this is getting weird now.
You can't just leave that set up there.
- No. I know. I don't.
I only leave it there when
I know she's gonna be there.
It just makes it easier
to take the pictures.
- Right.
You do understand how that
looks to the outside world?
- Wait. what are you doing?
- What?
- Nothing. Sorry. It's just private.
- Oh. well now you care about privacy?
Karl. did you bail on me so
you could take pictures of her?
- What?
- Show me the laptop.
- No. no.
- Well. that means that you did.
- That does not mean that I
did. - Yes. it fucking does.
- Well. you don't understand
she wasn't alone tonight.
- Sorry. why would I care about that?
I'm fucking done.
- Wait. wait. no please.
I didn't think you'd understand.
- Yeah. I don't care.
- Seriously?
- You fucking lied to me.
(dial tone beeps)
- [Woman] I'm sorry but
the person you've called
is not available.
Please leave your message after the tone.
(phone camera clicks)
(phone chimes)
Thank you very much. everyone.
Thank you. it means an awful lot
you all being here.
I won't speak too much
as I'll let the pictures
speak for themselves.
But what I can say is
that this interaction
has not been staged.
Everything you see here
is completely natural.
as natural as it can be
peaking through your neighbor's window.
But in all seriousness.
I think we all live in quite
a difficult time right now.
And I think privacy is...
It's not given out very often. is it?
And I think we should all be
able to speak about that more.
I mean. imagine the world
that we're gonna live in.
We're not gonna be able
to hide from any cameras.
Weird. isn't it?
(Knocks on the door)
(knocks on the door)
(Virginia knocking)
- Coming. I'm coming.
- You are unbelievable.
You made me cancel a date
to go to dinner with you
and then you bail on me
to take pictures of that fucking woman.
- Yeah but--
- I do not wanna hear your justifications.
I'm sick of it.
Show me your photos.
- What?
- Just show me your fucking photos.
- Well. I thought--
- It doesn't matter what you thought.
Oh my God. I knew it.
- Knew what?
- You have been so
obsessed with that woman
you haven't seen who that man is.
- Who?
- That man is an MP.
- An MP?
- Yeah. Oh. how do you not know that Karl?
He's been in the news
for the last three weeks.
- It means I won't be
able to do the exhibition.
- That isn't the point. Karl.
The point is that he's
married and he has two kids.
- So?
- Are you serious?
- She isn't his wife.
Did you show her those photos?
- I did. yeah.
- Oh my God. You're so
fucking stupid sometimes.
- Do you think she's using me?
- Yes. Karl.
Obviously she's using you.
What do you actually think that
she likes having a stranger
taking photographs of her?
- Fuck. what--
What are we gonna do then?
- No Karl. what are you gonna do?
I am done.
- No. I--
I still wanted to go out with you. okay?
You know that
but this opportunity comes
up and presents itself
and I gotta make use of it. you know?
Give it a chance.
- This is just a chance
for you to add something
to your boring life.
- No it's not. it's a
chance for me to create.
- Oh my God.
- Yeah. she might've been using me
but it was still an
interaction I might use.
If I'd known. I wouldn't
have canceled our date.
I shouldn't have lied to you. okay?
I'm really. really sorry about that.
But I knew you'd react like this.
I didn't know what to do.
I was stuck.
I just--
I panicked V.
- So was it a date?
(mumbles)
- Yeah. I liked the i--.
- Shut up.
Let's see what we can do.
(soft music)
- You really think I'm
gonna get in trouble?
- Well. you took those pictures
you could very easily be
dragged into this. yeah.
- Yeah. but nothing's happened yet.
- Yeah but she has pictures
of her with her lover
who also happens to be
a married politician.
This could literally go in any direction.
- Why. you don't think
maybe she just wants
the photos for herself?
- No.
- Maybe she likes people
watching her have sex.
- (scoffs) What? Are you
listening to yourself?
That's absolutely ridiculous.
Maybe in your dreams. Karl.
- She was very complicit.
- Yeah. because she's using you.
- Yeah. Okay.
You know what. I should
just delete all the photos--
- Whoa. whoa. stop no.
- Stop what?
- That makes you look so guilty.
The photos are very clearly
taken from this flat.
- This is such a fucked up situation.
Why am I gonna get into trouble for this?
- Because it's a violation of privacy
and we don't know what she
might do with those photos.
- Wait. she asked me to take them.
- Can you prove that?
Look. we don't know
if you are gonna be involved in this. but
my God. is it gonna teach
you to stop thinking
with your dick.
- I'm not thinking with my dick.
Can you please stop saying that.
What are we gonna do?
- Nothing.
What would you wanna do?
- I don't know maybe take
more photos of people
from the window.
make it more like a people's project.
- Are you kidding me?
Have you not learnt anything from this?
Just fucking find something
else to photograph. Karl.
- Honestly. I just thought
it was a nice idea.
- Anyway. I've gotta go.
I am far too tipsy and
I have work tomorrow.
- That's fine.
Listen. you know you're more
than welcome to stay here
if you needed to.
- Maybe we should go on a date first?
- No. I didn't mean that--
- (chuckles) Yeah. yeah.
Always thinking with your dick.
- Are you kidding?
I was trying to do something nice.
- I know.
(dial tone beeping)
- [Woman] I'm sorry but
the person you called
is not available.
Please leave your message after the tone.
- Karl. I need to go back in.
What do you mean she's gone?
- I mean. she's gone.
I don't know where but
her furniture's gone.
There's a removal van.
- That's so weird.
- Yeah. it's really weird.
- All right. well just
don't think about it. okay?
Try and do something else.
Think of something else.
Just relax.
I need to go back in.
- Okay. when people say relax--
- Karl. just do something else. all right?
- Okay. I tried but I can't.
- Karl. I need to go back in.
We're gonna have to do
this after work. okay?
- Okay. okay.
(soft tense music)
(detective knocks)
- Hi. - Hi.
- I'm Detective Jay Morino.
I'm so sorry to bother you. sir.
I'm currently working
on a case in the area
and I was wondering if I could ask you
just a couple of questions?
Just a little chat
that's my business card.
- Yeah. please come on in.
- Thank you so much.
- Yeah. just through here.
Can I get you a cup of tea or coffee?
- No. no. no.
Thanks. I'm fine.
I see you're a photographer.
- Yeah. amateur.
I just...
I like taking pictures.
- (laughs) Nice. very nice.
Which kind of pictures
do you usually take?
- Well. it depends really.
- Right. right yeah.
Well. the reason why I'm
here is because it seems
this very picture has been
taken from this building
particularly from this apartment.
- Yes. it was.
- So I imagine you took this picture?
- Yes sir. I did.
- Anything you wanna tell me?
- Yes sir. yeah.
- Please.
- Well. I started taking
pictures of this lady
because she asked me to.
- Come on. can you tell me something more?
- Yeah. that sounds a bit crazy
but I did start taking
pictures of. of her.
I didn't even know her name.
She called me once and said. would--
"Would you take some more?"
And then she wasn't alone.
- So it seems like you have
been in contact with this woman
but you don't know her name is.
Is that what you're saying?
- Exactly.
Well. she communicated
with me through letters
slipped under my door.
- Okay. let me ask another question.
Why did you start taking
pictures of this woman?
- I don't know.
I was just lost and it just happened.
- Did she know you were
taking pictures of her?
- No. not at the beginning.
- That's a violation of privacy.
- Okay but I didn't know that.
- Well. let me help you to understand
what you did. my friend.
You just told me that you
started to take pictures
of this woman without
her knowing you did so.
And she was in her private
room. is that correct?
- Yes. sir.
- That's a violation of privacy.
Article VIII of the Human Rights.
- Well. I didn't. I honestly--
- Whoa. whoa. whoa
just listen. please.
I suggest you're careful
with what you say.
There's much more going on here.
You could end up in serious
trouble. believe me.
This picture has been used
to blackmail my client.
- But wait. I didn't do it.
- Do you understand that
you will have to prove that?
You can not just say I didn't do it.
You know the penalty
for blackmail in the UK
can be a sentence of up
to 14 years in prison.
At the moment you are our only suspect.
- What about her?
- You mean the lady in the picture?
- Yes.
- There is no proof of what
you say. you understand that?
There is no proof.
She was in the picture.
She couldn't have taken
the picture herself.
- Yeah but she's the only other person
apart from me who has the picture.
- Can you prove it?
- I'm not sure if I can.
- And even if you did.
that's not the point.
You still don't get it.
The point is can you prove
you haven't been working with her?
Yes or no?
- No. I haven't been working with her
but she's moved out of her flat
and someone is clearly following her.
- Of course.
Who. someone who is stalking her?
- No no. that's not fair. I wasn't st--
I wasn't stalking her.
Look.
- What is this?
- This is from her.
She sent me two.
"More pictures tonight at 8:30.
"I want to see them Flat 11."
- Okay. put these inside.
Okay. let's see if this can help. okay?
One more thing.
if you don't wanna be charged
with violation of privacy
I personally suggest you to get rid
of those pictures immediately.
- Absolutely.
- And I think it might be the case
you get yourself a lawyer.
- Law--. why?
I'm innocent.
- Well. I'm not the man
that will have to take that decision.
- Wait. what does that--
I'm literally innocent.
- Thank you for your time. okay?
Don't move. I know the way back.
Have a nice day.
- No. no. no. no.
Fuck.
- Did you really think
that was a good idea?
- Of course I did.
- What. the stalker and the exhibitionist?
- You don't understand that. okay?
You're just. it's very easy
to judge from your position.
- I don't judge.
- Yes. you do judge Virginia.
You judge all the time.
It's all you care about.
All you care about is what's legal.
what's right. what's wrong.
why people get into such situation?
You don't even think about why they behave
the way they behave.
You need to open your mind more--
- Whoa. Whoa. Whoa.
I'm trying to fucking help you here.
Trying to get you out of the shit.
even though what you did goes
completely against my values.
Is that not being open-minded enough?
Jesus Christ. you can
deal with it yourself.
- Okay. I'm sorry I
went against your values
okay. I won't do it again.
- Yeah. all right. You better not.
- He said I need to get a lawyer.
- Do you want me to ask at the office?
- Nah. it'll be a fortune.
- Can I ask you a stupid question?
- Yeah.
- Does your dad have
anything to do with you
trying to get into photography?
- Well. he's the reason it's taken me
until now to get into it.
- You never told me how he died.
- Yeah.
he was a photo reporter in Afghanistan.
not the safest of jobs.
- Listen. let's join forces.
See what we can do.
Maybe you don't need a lawyer.
- What do you mean?
- Well. what evidence
have you actually got?
- Not much but whatever she
sent me through the door
perhaps has fingerprints on it.
- Okay. that's good.
Let's keep that tight.
That could actually save your ass.
- Well yeah.
Actually the detective now
has that. which is good.
- You gave it to the detective?
- Yeah.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. Why?
- You always keep your evidence.
You don't want them to
manipulate it or destroy it.
- I don't think he'll manipulate it.
He made me put it into this plastic sheet
and just told me it was procedure.
- Are you sure he was a detective?
- I think so.
Why would he not--
- What else did he tell you?
- Well. that I need to
delete all the pictures
and get a lawyer.
- I don't think that man's a detective.
- Are you serious?
Who the hell was he then? How--
- Okay. it's all right.
It's all right.
Did you delete the pictures?
- Yes.
- Okay.
- Well. I was really drunk. I--
- All right. Okay.
Do you have prints?
- Well. I haven't developed the ones
that are in the film camera yet.
- All right.
Okay. let's go ahead and develop that.
- What now?
- Yes. now.
- Yeah.
Okay. Right.
This is from the beginning
where you can tell that
she doesn't know I'm
taking pictures of her.
- Yeah we know that.
- All right.
- God there's just so
much art in this project.
Isn't there Karl?
- That's not funny.
- Wait is that the moment
where she first noticed
you were taking pictures of her?
- Yeah. exactly.
- Okay. Perfect. go on.
- Right. so you can see from now on
that she'd been very complicit.
- Yeah. she is.
- Look. she's posing. you know?
- You can even see in this one
that she wants to be
photographed with him?
- Yeah. see I told you.
she's pushing all the
action to the window innit?.
- This is huge.
I mean. at the very least
we can prove that she knows
she's being photographed.
- Yeah I know. I just don't
know if we could prove
that she has the photos
or that I'm not working
with her. you know?
- Why don't we just contact the MP?
- Can we do that?
- Yeah. I mean. you
can get a general email
for almost all MPs.
And then we just ask if he
wants to see these pictures.
- What do you think he'd respond?
- I mean. something
like this is definitely
gonna grab his attention. isn't it?
Plus it makes you look more innocent
if you're the one helping him figure out
who's trying to blackmail him.
- Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Let's do that.
- Okay. I'll look for contacts.
you start drafting an email.
- All right. Okay.
(soft music)
Hey.
- Hey.
- Good morning.
- (Whispers) Morning.
(phone rings)
- [Karl's Boss] Man's
quest to chase his dreams
it's just that.
a quest.
And in the meantime.
life happens.
(soft tense music)
- Wait. should I be trying
this or would you like to?
Is it ladies first? How does it--
- He's being a dick.
Ignore him.
That's fine. Thanks.
Stop doing that.
You're just taking the piss.
You're gonna start pissing me off soon.
- Okay. I'm sorry.
- You do see what I mean. though.
I chose that wine and
then you get to taste it.
What is that about?
- Maybe he's trying to
save you the embarrassment
of having to act like you
actually know good wine.
- Oh what. and you do actually
know good wine. do you?
- Absolutely not.
Not at all. not at all.
But I give off the impression that I do.
You know it's one of the
burdens of being a man.
- Just shut up.
I'm done with you.
You still need to tell me
what he actually said to you.
- Who?
- Oh. come on.
- Her name is Cam.
We used to work together and then.
about a year ago.
we fell for each other.
We started going out in secret.
A few months passed and she
asked me to leave my wife.
That was fair.
I couldn't.
But maybe I should have.
things weren't working in any case but.
the thought of hurting my two
wonderful daughters
I...
couldn't.
And now a year has passed.
and I'm still seeing Cam. and...
obviously things are
not going well at home.
My wife's hired a private detective
to get proof of my infidelity
and she wants a divorce.
I'm not being blackmailed.
I don't think I will be.
You've sent those photographs to my wife.
She'll use them to get
a better settlement.
- Wait. I'm sorry. what?
- It's okay.
Should have had the guts to
face the situation before.
- How did your wife know that
I was taking the pictures?
- The detective that came to visit you.
He must've seen you doing his job for him.
Easy as that.
- Okay.
And what...
What about Cam?
Wasn't she aware that she
was being photographed?
- I probably shouldn't
tell you about this but...
we had many arguments about it.
Not that I'm against it.
I think everybody should be
free to do whatever they want.
It's just.
because of what I do.
you know?
It's not the best thing.
She finds pleasure in being looked at
in intimate situations.
It's a big mess.
She said she'd seen you taking photographs
and you were just some young guy.
- I don't believe it.
- I swear.
He just said to me that
he thought the idea
of the exhibition was not bad.
- No. but I'm saying I don't believe
that woman actually liked
being photographed like that.
- You can't accept that.
- No. I just think you're making it up.
- No. I swear on my life.
That's the whole reason why
she kept the curtains open.
- And well. you're still not justified.
- For what?
- For violating her privacy.
You didn't know that she
liked it before you started.
did you?
- True but I was exploring.
- You were exploring?
Right.
- I shouldn't say it
but if you want privacy.
you should keep your curtains closed.
- That's so ridiculous.
Just respect each other's privacy.
It's not that hard.
- Okay well. good luck with that.
- Oh gosh. you can be a dick.
I didn't want to put up with you.
- No. no. no. no. no.
You know why. because you
know that deep down inside
I'm a good guy.
A nice person.
- Good guy. just makes
some very weird choices.
(both laugh)
- This is to us.
and our sexist waiter.
- And your exhibition.
Is Richard coming?
- No. he can't.
Quite a bit too soon for him innit?
Although. Cam's gonna be there though.
- Finally get to meet your muse.
- You are so jealous. aren't you?
- No. I'm not.
- I really think you are.
(indistinct)
- I'm not jealous.
- I think it's sweet.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
- Sweet?
Don't fucking call me sweet.
- I'm not.
- You piece of shit.
- I think jealousy is a
strong add to a relationship.
- Is it?
- Yeah.
- I think that's the worst
thing you could possibly--
- Why?
- Can I throw you in the river?
- No. - Can I throw you in the river?
- Are you serious? Oh yes you--
(Virginia laughing)
(Both laughing)
(soft music)
- A bit shit. isn't it?
It's gonna do really well. I know it.
Should we head?
- Yeah.
(soft music)